[18.0][MIG] stock_picking_back2draft: Migration to 18.0 (#1805)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_picking_back2draft/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module allows to bring cancelled pickings back to draft

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows to bring canceled transfers back to draft
```
